{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green64\blue68;\red24\green25\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30196\c31765\c33725;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c6275\c6275\c6275;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12620\viewh13840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Emma Meersen\
\

\f1\b\fs36 \ul Prices: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Vlaamse Reus = Trofee for best Flemish sporter  of that year (2019)\
Vlaams Sportjuweel =  One in a lifetime trofee for sportmen/woman who achieved something special in their career. \
\
World Cup basbektbal (nation league) se was rewarded with a place in the best team of the tournament because she was the player with the most rebounds & on the second place of the most goals/points. \
\

\f1\b\fs36 Ieper: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ypres (leper), is a town in the Belgian province of West Flanders. It's surrounded by the Ypres Salient battlefields, where many cemeteries, memorials and war museums honor the battles that unfolded in this area during World War I. After being destroyed in the war, many important buildings were carefully reconstructed, including Gothic-style Sint-Maartenskathedraal (St. Martin's Cathedral) and its soaring spire.\
\

\f3\b\fs36 Washington Mystics: 
\f2\b0\fs28 \
Based in Washington DC\
Founded in 1998 season (one year later than the WNBA league) \
Owner of the Washington Mystics is the same as the Mystics NBA. \
10/20 times get a qualification for the playoffs. \
Until 2018 they never made it to the WNBA Finals and in 2019 they won their frist championship!! \
Emma plays since 2013 for the Washington Mystics\
\

\f3\b\fs36 Mother: 
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf3 \cb4 Meeseman's mother, Sonja Tankrey, is a former basketball player. She was the Belgian Women's Basketball Player of the Year in 1983.
\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs36 \cf2 Networth:
\f2\b0\fs28  \
1.000.000\
\

\f3\b\fs36 50% hearing disorder: 
\f2\b0\fs28 \
Now she wears a hearing device and is quite interesting for knowing that about here because it doesn\'92t matter if you have an advantage, she is the living evidence that you can achieve anything you want, as long as you work for it. \
\

\f3\b\fs36 Left Cats behind (2019): 
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4 \
Quote of FIBA: it doesn\'92t matter if you are a coach, a teammate or a general fan of women\'92s hoops, if you draw up a wish-list of attributes for your dream player, you would find that Emma Meesseman ticks the boxes.\
\
While Meesseman has been stacking up EuroLeague Women titles with UMMC Ekaterinburg, indeed also taking the Final Four MVP title during 2018, she had to push the pause button last year on her WNBA career with the Washington Mystics, in favor of her beloved Cats.\cf2 \cb1 \
\
Quote she made: \cf5 \cb4 It is about the result, but winning also means playing beautiful basketball. Good basketball. Simple basketball.\

\f0\fs36 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
}